Nice idea, my roommate went to team building
You will sleep in his room tonight
But don't mess with his things
Otherwise he will be angry
Let him know he's not stupid
Where is the dog
What's the matter with Linger?
I said it well.
I was suddenly awakened by him
The pain is killing me. Who are you?
Why are you in my room?
Linger, who is he?
I am Linger's husband
What do you want to say?
What's wrong with husband
Since it's your husband
Then why doesn't he sleep with you?
What are you doing in my room?
If I hadn't rested well
The union live broadcast task cannot pass.
My job is gone
Beautiful woman don't be angry
You are like this
I will help you complete the tasks of your union and live broadcast.
How about I apologize to you?